# Visualizing Shorter Timespans

I want to do a graphic of just one week, but I only have data divided by days.  In fact, the average segment is around 21 hours long or something like that.

Let's say I want to display a week of data at 10FPS (or maybe even slower, 7 FPS) I will need to divide my week into more than just 7 frames.

I could cut each daily data file into hourly segments.  This means I will get for each day 24 frames, meaning about 14 seconds to show a week of activity.

I start by processing each file: I need to make these into valid GeoJSON filesnstead of the junk I've been using lately, so I'll have to read the input line by line then dump the output into a true GeoJSON file.  This means holding a 14MB file decomposed into data structures in memory before writing but we'll see how that goes.  Hopefully not too bad.

As I read the input, I read the time, convert it to seconds or millis, then chop up each line into hourly lines.  We do it like so

0. Create enough buckets (1 per partial hour at start & finish plus whole hours between)
1. Find the number of seconds to the closest hour: cut this segment off and send it to the bucket for that hour.
2. For each whole hour the line covers, cut that hour off and send it to the right bucket.
3. Take the remaining hour and send it to the right bucket.

OPT: Check each feature to see that at least one coordinate falls inside a bounding box before putting it in the bucket.

I can probably use the `running_buckets` code I wrote a little while back to do some of this.  Should not be terribly hard.

## TO DO

- [ ] Copy `running_buckets` code in
- [ ] Synchronously read a file line by line
- [ ] From timestamp, get seconds
- [ ] Calculate start and end buckets
- [ ] Probably write tests
- [ ] Set up auto-linting as part of tests
- [ ] Set up a bounding box & check
- [ ] Adapt `running_buckets` code to break by selected number of seconds
